Ok so today we're going to have a look at three files we're going to go ahead and modify them for the
purposes of demoing pure and unpure pure and impure pipes to explain what they actually are.
The first file which we are going to process today is searched up transactions dot pipe dot D.S. so
there isn't much code that was added here.
You have a console log by transform called.
This will be printed out in the browser browser console right here.
If you don't know how to call the console you go here and then you click on developer options and web
cons..
This is on Firefox.
It's very similar on Google Chrome as well.
It can compress control shift VI which is just or control shift.
See control shift.
See.
Yup there we go.
So it control shifts we will call this place and you can just click on cancel
on google chrome.
They think it's a control shift.
I have a stake in fact here let's just go ahead and check.
Let me just see if I have chrome installed.
I do have chrome installed.
Let me just go out and show you.
Just in case
control shift.
See Is this going to pop it.
Yup there we go.
So Control shift is universal for Chrome and Firefox and Chrome it's going to be here.
But I mean it doesn't matter the same output will be printed out or similar enough in any case.
OK so back to the code anyway.
Pipe we have added an additional statement here it says pure and then this can be either true or false.
Now I will explain this through a demo.
What it does and what it means.
But for now you can just type it in and you can also add the console log.
Next up we need to go into detail start component dot TS and here there is we just go back to the top.
There's nothing that you need to do for the top it's all pretty much the same or the same.
And if you go down all the way to the bottom there are all I have added this part and everything down
below.
So two methods and one in July zation
0 actually three methods but one one of those methods is just an naturalisation Anyway here I just want
to make a dummy hard coded transaction for the sake of the demo in order to be able to demonstrate the
difference between pure and impure pipes.
Private next ID was 13.
This is just help a variable to use the next available ID so that the ID IDs of the dummy transactions
would not repeat themselves.
And then we have a method here make transaction all that this method does is just have a variable inside
of it and then an array variable inside of it and then it just basically begins the initialization of
the elements.
Nothing new.
Perhaps except for this line here.
This is a quick and dirty trick or a way to convert ID from INT or from number to string.
Why.
Well because ideas need to be of type string and you just you just you have an empty string and you
add to that empty string this number and that number then becomes a string.
Nothing here that is that we haven't done before you just basically goes in disorder initialize iterate
and return initialized array and return dis initialized variable and then just go ahead and repeat that
process again and again and again for as many times as the method is called Down below you have ADD
in array method.
Basically all that this method does is updates the current array of transactions and it adds a new transaction
into the existing array.
So we're using the push method in order to do that.
And you can see make transaction.
We're calling this method here and it's return value is being placed into these parentheses here and
then that return value is being pushed into the trends.
This transfer rate which is basically just to list a list of transactions and down below it says add
an copy of array.
So this basically just copies the all the way into the new one and updated with the new transactions
you deal the new thing.
Here is the slice.
This is how we are actually this part.
This line is actually in charge of copying of copying the array.
So slice usually has parameters we have used that before and we have we have placed parameters between
the parentheses to specify which portions of array would be like to grab.
But in this case where there are no parameters it's just going to go ahead and return the new array
which contains all the elements that's going to grab the entire array as there are no boundaries so
it's just going to go for the length of the entire array.
And this is then down below you have an addition to the new array.
So we're just going to add something to the new array to an X.
Take it with a grain of salt because I did I did do some improvisation here and then finally here we've
just added two buttons.
Two buttons nothing special here.
One is calling add an array method and the other one is calling again copy of array.
And as you can see on the site you do have two buttons so new transaction same array and then new transaction
new array.
So this button will basically just be calling a method which will be updating the current array.
And this button will be calling a method which will be making a copy of the array and adding the new
elements into that copied rate and if the follow up tutorial.
I'm just going to go ahead and go through a short demo that will pretty much clarify
these pipes on the pure and impure pipes.
And why are they important.
What is what does one do and what does the other one do.
So this was just a little bit of prep work in order to be able to demonstrate and explain pure and impure
pipes.